so this something about amulet has never
really had before so that's why I look
at this here this place i'm under the
record right now he is going to get
killed on kills he actually picks up
three there what a win prowl for 28 nice
play so you know you had mentioned doing
things like this for the east boards
audience when you see the spectator mode
implemented and the excitement from the
community are you hoping to see more
more live streams that take advantage of
the spectator mode go over that you may
have noticed that how the ammo clips
it's based off of ammo clips and and not
based off of ham over now and so what
you're seeing is every time that they
reload it doesn't it doesn't add on so
if you're losing a full clip not just
the AO that's there so yeah so that is
something that is in this build
obviously in hardcore mode yeah it's
hardcore mode so that is that is what
they are not in hardcore mode for those
of you that so it's a feature of
hardcore mode okay we're not playing ok
that's understandable so what are we
looking at here we actually alpha 29
once again the player that was on David
crazy spree and he is you know pinched
up on top of this top of this balcony
here trying to get some shots of the
runnel Adair over there towards the
metro they're trying to retake this try
finding one of the top is going to push
shots down hit markers annie is able to
close out that one as he gets that kill
office here for certainly playing very
good here for the Alpha Team and a big
factor in them winning right now but you
know the CN squad could very well come
back from this one and we'll see if they
could do so thorough dropped into the
wrong place yeah Appa 04 is definitely
hot right now he is on point looking for
anyone that to contest from up top sicut
if we can right now let's go and take a
look at the third person view for a
moment so we can take advantage of
looking at his complete scorecard at
this point you can see right now he's
got 11 kills and wound death he's got 11
to 1 11 k dr right here mice so kill
death ratio for those who that are out
there
it's just got to show how dumb and he's
been of course battlefields not always
about the kill death it's mostly about
to score and that's really where a big
impact comes into play talking about in
terms of medic I mean so we've got this
medic right here it's done a great job
so far as taking complete advantage of
all those score points here but so far
one of our better players who's got full
attachments you can see it's got to the
green laser pointer the angled grip
utilizing this CZ 805 so completely just
playing this game properly yeah and and
something i want to point out too by the
way look at hand in the water pistol
action give it to them so something
pretty cool point out as well is that
and something i would like to point out
they the ammo right when he was running
around he had 16 bullets left in the
39th welder let no one is playing so
well hey he's got a buncha trouble miss
though my water was toxic for a Mona's
who saw those bullets flying he's down
to low hell it's gonna be able to go
ahead and read come back up bouncing
around nice dodge technique that turns
out you can kind of bounce around like
that